- [Shannon] Hello, everyone. Welcome to our kickoff event for Architectural Katas. Your moderator for this series is Neal Ford. Neal is a director, software architect and meme wrangler at ThoughtWorks. He's also an internationally recognized expert on software development and delivery, e a number of other things that may influence the design of your system. And those two things together form an arspecially in the intersection of agile engineering techniques and software architecture. And my name is Shannon Cutt and with O'Reilly Media, and I'll be your facilitator for the event. And now we'll begin and I'll turn it over to Neal. - [Neal] All right, thank you, Shannon. Welcome everyone to what is surely the most unusual event on the O'Reilly online platform this year, which is Architectural Katas online. And so probably what I should do first after I welcome all of you, welcome and thanks. Looks like we have a large crowd and a good geographic distribution, so welcome. So let's talk about what this thing is and what you can do to get into this contest. So let's talk a little bit about the history of where this idea came from. So back in about 2010, there was a well known architect named Ted Neward, speaking at a series of conferences around the world. And one of the talks that he started doing was called Architectural Katas. A kata is martial arts forms exercise. So you do these forms to get better and perfect these forms. And that was the idea of, can we create some way to practice or exercise architecture? And one of the, there are a couple of quotes here, that's hard to read here, but I can read them for you. From Fred Brooks, "How do we get great designers? "Great designers design things, of course." And tied to that, so how are we supposed to get great architectures if the only chance you ever get to work on an architecture is the things that are in front of you right now? You rarely get to create new architectures. And so how are you supposed to get better at that if you cannot practice it? Well, that's exactly what this idea of Architecture Katas was. This was something in a conference where we put together and in fact Ted, put up the original Katas website, which had about a dozen different small problems that feature an interesting set of trade offs that you had to evaluate. And you come up with an architecture, which is lines and boxes, and some of the decisions, I'll talk about what the deliverables for our Katas are in a second, but that's the idea. And so Ted used to do this as a conference exercise, and give people within an hour and a half, give them about an hour to work on an architecture and then they would go around and discuss, what they ended up creating. Well, Ted did that for a few years, and it kind of faded away. And when Mark Richards and I started doing online or in-person hands on, I should say. Both online and in-person. When we started doing software architecture fundamentals classes, we wanted to have a hands-on aspect of it. And one of the really nice things that Ted did when he created this Katas idea, was he said that anyone who comes and attends one of his Katas sessions, are then deputized to be able to conduct Katas sessions. So Mark and I had both seen Ted's Katas sessions a few times. And so we adopted those, and I made a few modifications to them, and started using them for all of the software architecture training classes we did. And this is awesome, because it gives a chance for people to apply the things that they just learned and apply them and look at trade off analysis. And so that's a great success. And we incrementally build up an architecture in one piece at a time as we do that. Well, now let's fast forward to the O'Reilly Software Architecture Conference. When O'Reilly started doing a software architecture conference, one of the things that we were trying to figure out what to do is, what makes a really good interesting evening event for software developer conference? And I'm sure most of you have been to software developer conferences. So you know there are lots of lightning talks is one of the popular activities, after hours of vendor receptions and those kind of things. And I said, well, we do this kata thing as an exercise when we do classes. Maybe we should do that as a party game. And we thought, oh, okay, we'll try that, and maybe a few people show up and we'll build some architectures. And it was astoundingly popular. It was amazing how many people came to our Katas events, at the Software Architecture Conference. And in fact, we did and of course, did it every single time that we did one of those conferences and the crowds got bigger and more enthusiastic every time we did. So clearly, there's an enthusiasm here. And there are several factors that go into this because one of the observations I made is, the thing that amazes me about how many people show up to this late night event to do architecture, is they're basically coming to do their day job for free, just for free pizza and drinks. But the enthusiasm was through the roof. And part of it is because you don't get a chance to design new architectures very often, and the other part is software architects love to network. And very often software architects are a lone wolf, or a small group within an organization. And they love to talk to other architects about similar problems and innovations, because one of the things you have to keep track of as an architect is always expand your breadth of knowledge so that you know what's available out in the world, and so networking becomes a great way to do that. And we found at those conferences that networking events were extremely popular. Well, now, of course, we're not doing live conferences. And so as we were talking about how we can recreate some of that engagement online, we came up with the idea of Architectural Katas online. And that's exactly where you are now. So what we're going to do, but rather than take a fake little problem, that you work on for an hour, we're going way more ambitious here, since we're doing this online. What we have done is found a real company that has a need for software architecture, a representative from the company is going to come later and tell you exactly what that problem is, and what you'll be solving an architecture for. And what you're going to do is create Kata teams. And I'll give you all the details of this are written down, so you don't have to stress too much about this. But what we're doing now is you're going to create Kata teams and you're going to create a solution for this architecture. And I'll show you what deliverables we expect in just a second. We have a GitHub repos app, we got email addresses set up here at O'Reilly. And over the course of the day, I'm actually going to walk you through an example to show you kind of what we are expecting you to produce as part of this contest. This is of course voluntary, but who wouldn't like a good meaty problem to dig into right now, that will take a couple of months to work on with some of you and your architect friends, and it benefits a great organization. So why not figure it out, rather than watch a new series on Netflix, then why not help make the world a better place by using the lever that's in your hand, which is a software. So I'm going to show you an example of one of these Katas and all the rest of the details. But I wanna show you first what we're expecting from you, what the deliverables are for this. Because we're going to give you a problem, we're going to answer all your questions, et cetera. And then you're going to produce an architecture. So what does that mean? Well, you're not going to actually produce an application, you're going to produce an architecture. So the deliverables, we're interested in here, and these are all things that can be checked into a GitHub repo, which is where all this stuff is going to live. There is a topology or series of topology diagrams. So these are lines and boxes that describe how your architecture is put together. And the pertinent details there need to be, what style of architecture, is it a monolith? Or micro services or microkernel or space-based? Or whatever that style happens to be. What the major components of that architecture are, where data lives in that architecture, and what communication patterns exist in this architecture. Is it synchronous versus asynchronous, et cetera? And so that's what we're interested in from the series of diagrams that you create to drive this architecture. But this is not sufficient to really fully understand an architectural solution. And so the other thing that we want teams to create, there are several critical places where you have to make an informed decision. Because a lot of these things are going to be fairly obvious and you'll reach consensus on it. But there'll be a few places like, should we really do synchronous or asynchronous communication here? Where there's going to be some thought and some analysis that goes into that. And for those critical decisions, we want you to create an architecture decision record. I'll show you the format, the formal format for this and talk more about this in just a second. But those are the deliverables that you are going to produce for this contest. Topology diagram or diagrams, you can have as many as you want that you need to describe what's going on. You can use freehand drawings, or you can use a formal diagramming technique, like C4 from Simon Brown, or UML, or the ViewPlus One, whichever one you want. But we also want architecture decision records, a few of these at least describing the really important decisions that you've made and why you made those decisions. So that's what we're producing, not actual code, but architecture. And so the way this is going to work is today we're going to introduce the problem domain. I'm about to introduce the judges to you in just a second, because these will be judged. And we will walk through the series and I'll show you what we are expecting for this. Then on our next meeting, people will have submitted their solutions, we will identify the semi finalists in that one and those semi final teams have one more iteration. For the last episode of Katas, we will see the finalists teams give the results, the judges will go away for a few minutes and then render their decision. And we will hand that architecture over to our company at Farmacy Food so they can get it implemented. And hopefully, whoever has designed that architecture has done a good job. So that's the overall 20,000 foot view of this. Now I'm going to dig way into a bunch of the details about how this is going to work, including an example of kind of what this process looks like to do one of these Katas. But before I do that, the judges that we have created for this, we haven't created them, we asked them to join us for this exercise are all, you're familiar with many of them, you've seen them speak at conferences. They're all working architects of one kind or another. And I want to go ahead and let them introduce themselves, so that some of them don't have to stick around for the rest of the day. But at least a couple of them are based in Europe, so it's much later in the day there. So let me go ahead and get you to introduce a few of your judges. One of the judges isn't here yet. He's tied up working and he'll be here in the next 45 minutes or so, which is Mark. I'll introduce him when he arrives. But let's go ahead and introduce you to our judges and let them tell you a little bit about themselves. And we will go ahead and start with the person I think is geographically furthest away from me, which is Sarah. So Sarah, one of our judges, please introduce yourself. - [Sarah] Hi, Neal, hi everyone. I'm either geographically further or closest, depending on which way around the world were spinning. I am... I do architecture for ThoughtWorks. I'm a principal consultant developer technologist person, working for ThoughtWorks. And I've been doing in my role, moving around from different clients. So I get to architect a lot of different things every so often. But I like to use the Architectural Katas, as a way to finesse my skills. And I've been working on some workshops with another colleague of mine. I'm actually in Australia. Who to introduce the Katas to people at conferences as well. So I'm very excited to be a judge on this panel. - [Neal] All right, thank you Sarah. And Sarah, if you can't tell, is based in Australia, so it's very late in the day there for her. (Sarah and Neal laughing) So thank you very much, Sarah. Let's move next to Europe or UK. And Luca. - [Luca] Thanks Neal, hi, everyone. My name is Luca Mezzalira. I'm Vice President of Architecture, in a company called DAZN, that is a streaming platform. With my team, we are dealing with interesting challenges every day on the architecture side. And I'm really glad to be part of this panel, because I truly believe that Katas are an incredible tool for any architect or architect to be. And I really like the idea of being part of this group of people and trying to learn from you guys, because I'm sure that you will provide incredible solutions, and also provide a bit of my knowledge on this. So thank you very much for having me, and I'm keen to see what you're going to provide us. - [Neal] Thank you, Luca. And now Nick (indistinct), who I think has snow on the ground outside his window today, if I'm not mistaken, or it's coming, right? - [Nick] Well, it's on the way, I don't think we've, I mean, none of that has stuck yet, Neal. But it's much closer than it should be for October. (Nick clears throat) Excuse me. I'm old enough to remember the Halloween blizzard. And I'm not happy that we seem to be getting yet more of that this early in the season. But as Neal said, my name is Nick (indistinct). The best way to describe me is architect as a service, I work for VMware right now. Before that I spent a lot of years in a large enterprise IT organization financial services company, where I did architecture, software engineering, et cetera. Like Neal, I use the Katas in a lot of my teaching, including at the University of Minnesota where I teach some graduate courses where I drive my students through Katas. In fact, they're doing that right now, they've got presentations coming up on Halloween, ironically enough. So looking forward to seeing what my students come up with. - [Neal] All right, thank you, Nick. As I said, we have one more judge, Mark Richards, but he's not with us yet because he's working, 'cause he's a working architect. So he'll join us a little bit later and introduce himself. So let's go ahead and talk about this process, this process of producing a Kata. So as I said, what we really want you to produce is some sort of topology diagram that describes that architecture, and the decisions that went into that. But how do you get to that point? Because we're going to start with just a general description of the problem. So we'll have a subject matter expert from the company joining us in just a bit, and he will describe the problem in great detail. We'll also have a writer that we will post on the Katas page here at O'Reilly. But let me actually take a step back for a moment and walk you through one of these Katas exercises. This is from an online class, an online training class that Mark and I do here on the O'Reilly platform, called Software Architecture by Example. It is basically our material from the "Fundamentals of Software Architecture" book, but what we've done is kind of turned it inside out. Because different people learn through different exposition styles. Some people would have all the details laid out and how it works. But some people like to start with the working example and kind of back into why all those things work. And so that's the idea in Software Architecture by Example, is let's drive the software architecture process by an example. And our example, of course, is an Architecture Kata. So here now this is not the Kata you're going to be solving, this is a completely fake one. The one you're going to be solving is much more interesting, and actually a real Kata. The book I just referred to, is "Fundamentals of Software Architecture," which you have available to you on the O'Reilly platform. That's the book that Mark Richards and I just wrote, and published last year. So let's walk through this process using one of our Katas. This is going to be simpler than the solution you create. But it's a good example of how do you go from a textual description like this of some kind of problem and actually end up with some sort of architecture topology. Now, I'm doing this as an example to let people give you a feel for what this looks like. You don't have to go through this process at all. All we're going to judge you on is the work that shows up in that repository, which depends on your fixture decision record. So if you (indistinct) work, you can, but that's really the things that we're interested in. And so here's an example of one of the Katas. This one is called Going Going Gone! This is actually what we used as one of the examples in our book, "Fundamentals of Software Architecture." So all of the Katas have the same basic format. A general description. This is an auction company that wants to take their auctions online to a nationwide scale. Customers choose the auction to participate in, wait until it begins, and then bid during the auction as if they were there in the room with the auctioneer. So the goal here is to replicate the experience of being in a live auction. We always have an expected number of users here, we want to scale up to hundreds of participants per auction, and potentially up to thousands of participants, and as many simultaneous auctions as we can. And now we have a list of business level requirements. So things like bidders can see a live video stream with the auction and see all bids as they occur. Auctions must be as real time as possible, understanding the limitations of browsers and networks et cetera. But we're trying as closely as we can to replicate the experience of being in an auction. Both online and live bids must be received in the order in which they are placed, which gives some interesting synchronization challenges. Bidders register with a credit card and the system automatically charges that card if the bidder wins. And participants must be tracked via a reputation index. So what is that? 'Cause that's not the kind of standard thing. A reputation index is this idea of, I don't want people coming and bidding for things that never intended to buy them, or coming and driving up prices and disappearing suddenly. Now basically, we don't want trolls in our auction. So Mark referred to this characteristic as an anti-trolability. So that's the kind of thing we're trying to avoid here. Also have additional context. And these are things that are not strictly requirements, but things that you're meant to know or may influence the architectural design that you come up with. And here the auction company is expanding aggressively by merging with smaller competitors. If the nationwide auction is a success, we need to replicate this model overseas. The budgets are constrained for here, this is a strategic direction for the company. Some of our Katas have budget constraints built in as one of the challenges. And the company just exited a lawsuit where they settled a suit alleging fraud. So here are the set of requirements that I'm expected to generate an architecture from. So one of the first things you should do as an architect is try to identify, what kind of architectural characteristics you're going to need to support. These are also called non-functional requirements, cross-cutting requirements or system quality attributes. But that's one of the first things you need to determine. Because if you're designing an architectural structure, there are really two aspects of that structure. There is the domain, which I just described to you. So you're going to have to describe things within your domain. But you also have to take into account things like scalability, or elasticity, or performance, or security, or modularity, or reliability, or a number of other things that may influence the design of your system. And those two things together form an architectural design. The architectural characteristics plus the domain, you design those things together. And so the first thing we're going to do is try to identify what kind of architectural characteristics we need to support. And we mostly do that to get us toward what sort of architectural style do we think we're going to implement this architecture in. Because each one of those styles, whether it's a monolith, or microkernel, or microservices, each of them is a well known collection of architectural characteristics. For example, monoliths have a certain scalability and performance profile. Microservices, have a certain scalability and performance profile. And so we're trying to identify the critical things here, to see how they match up with architecture styles and make it easy to use things that we know are going to be necessary for success, for this particular Kata. So let's talk about how you derive some of those things. So you'll notice this talks about online auctions. Auctions must be as real time as possible. So what we're talking about here are architecture characteristics like availability. It's a good idea to make sure that you have good availability. Because if you try to sign up, if an auction is not there, that's obviously a problem. Reliability as well. You don't want to be in the middle of an auction, and then your connection drops suddenly, and then you have to reconnect, which would be annoying to your users. Performance is also key here. We're trying this as real time as possible, so there's at least a good baseline of performance that we're going to have to support these things. We know sometimes you get lucky, and the things that they need, you don't have to do a translation for them. Because I just stated more directly, it needs to operate at a nationwide scale, scale up to hundreds of participants, and we're expanding overseas. The word scale shows up here, so obviously, that's scalability. We need some level of scalability for this thing to support a certain number of concurrent users. But we also need something else as well, beyond just scalability. Think about how people react when they are a part of an auction. When people are part of an auction, is it a nice, slow, steady stream of bids, until it finally just ends? No, it gets more and more hectic, and much more exciting toward the end as people try to get into the end and snipe. And so we need not only scalability, but also elasticity. So let's talk about the difference between those two related things for a second. Scalability is the ability to support a large number of concurrent users over time with reasonable performance profile. So scalability is a large number of concurrent users. Whereas elasticity is the ability to handle bursts of users. Think a concert ticketing site, that needs to handle a burst of people coming in to sign up for a concert or something like that. And so in our case, we're probably going to need both of those, 'cause we need to be able to support a fairly large number of concurrent users with a good performance profile, and we need to handle the sort of elastic burst as you get near the end of an auction, to handle not only scalability, but a burst of users showing up as well. What about this one? Participants must be tracked via a reputation index. This is what I described before as anti-trolability. And that may be the architecture characteristic that you identify here. But notice that this is not a standard kind of architectural concern. This is something that the business has come up with. And so let's talk for a second about standard things like elasticity. We know what elasticity is. It's the ability to handle large burst of users. So we don't need any explanation for that. But this is something designed as part of the domain. This reputation indexing. So my first instinct as an architect would be to go and ask a subject matter expert, or business analyst or somebody, what is this reputation index thing? And they'll explain exactly what I explained before. We don't want creepy people coming in, and taking up space and not actually bidding, et cetera. And so now your question as an architect is, okay, do I need special architecture structure to handle this? How would you have handled something like this? Well, you can write something like a rules engine, or you can just write a series of rules, or it can be driven by configuration. But I don't need special arc structure for this. In other words, this is not going to influence whether I choose a microkernel, or microservices, or some of those kinds of decisions. And so this is not part of my decision criteria. Not every single thing here is going to give you an architecture characteristic. That will contribute obviously to the domain, but some of them don't have anything to do with the architecture characteristics. And so that one, I don't have to worry about. Bidders register with a credit card, and the system automatically charges that card if the bidder wins. Obviously here, we're talking about security. But we also have to think here about, okay, well, is that going to require special structure? Or can I handle that in code? And so this is a great example of one of those places that you could solve this problem either way in this architecture. If you build a distributed architecture, you might wanna build a hardened service that is extra secure for handling monetary transactions. But if you have good architectural governance, in other words, you don't keep credit card numbers in plain text, you always encrypt in hash, et cetera. Then you don't have to have special architectural structure to be able to manage credit cards. You can do it in a monolith as well as long as you have good governance. And so this may be a decision point for you as an architect. Is this a primary characteristic that I really need architectural structure for, or can I just handle that through a design plus governance? And so there is our list of architecture characteristics. It's important not to go crazy on this list, because I could go with a fine tooth comb and probably pick out 30 or 40, or 100 different architecture characteristics I wanna support here. But that becomes counterintuitive over time for a couple of reasons. One is, you don't get to choose these things a la carte, in your final, when you put together your solution. Because remember what this list is for. This list informs me of what kind of architectural style I'm allowed to implement the solution in. One of the tricky things about these architecture characteristics is they are extremely synergistic. They tangle up with each other all the time. And so every one of these you add has an impact on all the others that you add. Which is another reason that you don't want too many of them because then your design becomes massively complex. And so part of your job here is to find enough of these that give you a good feel, for what kind of architectural style is going to be most appropriate to actually implement the solution in. The other reason that you shouldn't go too crazy here and you shouldn't bother trying to prioritize them is because, first, you'll never get anybody to agree to a prioritized list of them. But more importantly, again, you can't choose them a la carte. This is really more to guide you in a direction that you wanna go in, versus absolutely specifying these things. Because once you start in actually choosing an architectural style, then how you achieve scalability, reliability, performance, et cetera, may change because of that particular style that you do. Okay, so that's the first step is to figure out, okay, what kind of architecture characteristics am I going to need to be able to support here. The next step in this process is identifying components. So I'm gonna walk through an exercise of doing this as well. And so this is the flowchart from mine and Mark's, "Fundamentals of Software Architecture" book. You identify initial components within your architecture, and then you assign whatever your requirements are, to those components to see how well they match, how you've organized your components. You look at roles and responsibilities and figure out who's responsible for what part of this architecture, which also includes things like data and data relationships. Then you look at what impact those architecture characteristics you identified may have when your design, and do an iterative restructuring loop. And notice that loop can last forever, because one of the things that Mark and I like to support is this idea of iterative design in software architecture. You're never going to get this relationship exactly right right out of the gate, but so it's important to be able to iterate on your design. And as I mentioned before, you don't have to walk through this process, but this is the process that we illustrate in our book. So if you take something like Going Going Gone! Let's actually do a component decomposition, main part of Going Going Gone! First thing is identify initial components that we need. And these are really just empty buckets, because I don't have any architecture yet. I don't have anything yet 'cause we're starting from a blank slate. And so you can think of these as just empty buckets that you can assign things to. And so your first set of empty buckets is critically important to get that right, because you can iterate on that and improve it as the realities of your design become apparent as you start assigning things. So one of the things to avoid here, is a trap that we refer to as the entity trap. So one of the things that you might notice in Going Going Gone! Is, hey, we have auctions, so I should just create an auction manager, that creates auctions, browses auctions, scheduled auctions. I have an item manager that creates an item, displays an item and uploads an image. And I have a bid manager that places bids, displays bids and track bids. Notice anything consistently the same with all three of these components? They all pretty much have a word manager in them, and that's a little bit of a smell. Because all I've really done here is created an object relational mapping for some tables in the database. And if that's all you're doing, you don't actually need an architecture, you just need a framework. You can download Ruby on Rails or a Grails. Those are all things that give you automatic applications that are wired into database tables, and so you're all done. This is what's called the entity trap. When you design components, you don't necessarily want a one-to-one relationship with entities that exist in things like relational databases. In general, you're going to be more interested in workflows than just isolated data relationships. And so another approach is to take a workflow based approach. This is a very popular in domain driven design kind of world. That you also call, it is called event storming. Look at the events that are going between your components to figure out who's responsible for what. And so in this workflow approach, if I look at one of these workflows which is to create an auction, then I might have this set of components. An auction creator, an auction browser an auction registration, a video stream or a bid capture. And that's a perfectly reasonable set of components as well. And you can now go in and assign responsibilities which would get you down to what each of these individual workflow elements need to do. But I'm going to do something slightly different, and take an actor, action approach. The end result from this and event storming is pretty close to the same. But I'm going to do this, we did this in the "Fundamental Software Architecture" book. And I'm a big fan of this style because it's applicable across all different kinds of ecosystems, not just if you happen to be doing a domain driven design. And the actor, action approach asks you to identify the roles within that architecture and what kind of actions they want to take within that architecture. And so you can see there's a strong correlation here between the idea of identifying workflows. So a bidder in the system can view live streams, can video and view the bids, place a bid. The auctioneer enters live bids, receives them and marks things as sold. And you typically have the system as actor here, which is the thing that people are reacting against. So here, we start an auction, we make a payment, and we track bidder activity. And so I'm going to take this actor, action approach, but there is no correct answer here. All of these are perfectly legitimate. In fact, we expect to see a variety of approaches in your solutions to the Katas as they come up. And so now the next step here is to assign some components to these guys. And so like I said, we started with nothing. And so what we need is an empty bucket. So the first thing I wanna do is start an auction. What components should do that? Well, I don't have any components yet, so I'll create one, an auction session component. Okay, the next thing I need to do is track bidder activity. Is that something that should be done by auction session, or should it be its own component? Now, one of the things you're trying to do here is identify where behavior should exist in this architecture. Now, I could just put everything in an auction session, that would be a giant monolith. But that's not a good architecture because it's going to be for a lot of reasons. And so track bidder activity seems like outside the scope of an auction session. And so I'm going to create a new component for that. But obviously, the auction session is going to have to interact with bid tracker because a bid tracker has to know that an auction has started. And so this is how you start sketching together the components you're going to need, and what relationships we're going to be needed between those components. View live video stream, hmm. Is that the responsibility of your auction session or bid tracker? No, so that's another component. A video streamer component. Okay, what about view live bid stream? Is that in the components I already have? No, not. And so I'll create a bid streamer component. Now, even though both of these have got streamers, and you'll notice that the stream are very very different, and in fact, may require different kinds of architectural underpinnings to make those things work. Next thing I need to do is place a bid. Do I have anything here that allows me to place a bid yet? Not really, so I'll create a bid capture. But now notice bid capture needs to interact with a bid streamer, and it needs to interact with bid tracker. And so now I need to create some links between those other components. Now the auctioneer needs to enter live bids into the system. Is that a new component? Or is that one we already have? Well, actually, we already have bid capture. So we're good there. So there's a good reuse of that component of entering live bids into the system. What about receiving an online bid? Is that something we already have? Or something we need to create? Nope, we got that. We got bid capture so we can get from there as well. So that looks fine. What about marking an item sold? Is that something we already have? Or is that a new component? No, that's an auction session. Remember, one of its responsibilities was the beginning and ending of an auction, and marking an item as sold, was one of its responsibilities. That's the official end of the auction, is when it's sold. And so that's tied into auctions session. And finally making a payment. Does anything we have here deal with payment stuff? Nope, and so now we need a payment component. And so this is a reasonable delineation of a component relationship that describes the things that you might need to do in this architecture. But we're not done. Remember, I said this needs to be iterative. And so now that I have figured out the domain part of the design in these components, I need to go back and look to see if the architecture characteristics identified before, have any impact on this design I have created. And in fact, they do. Because remember, in my description, I have two different roles here, bidder and auctioneer. Let's talk about operational architecture characteristics, like scalability for bidder. I'm going to have hundreds of bidders per auction. So obviously, I need at least some level of scalability for those bidders. But for the auctioneer, I only have one auctioneer per auction by definition. So I don't need scalability for the auctioneer. What about reliability? Now clearly, it's not good if one of my bidders drops their connection while they're trying to bid and has to reload back on to get back into the auction. But if that happens to the auctioneer, it's a disaster. 'Cause the auction is now prematurely ended, he'll come to it again. The point of this is, that when you start looking at the architecture characteristics of these, you realize this domain design isn't sufficient to candle that difference between the architecture characteristics of the bidder and the auctioneer. Therefore, I actually need two capture components. I need a bidder capture component that's very scalable, and you need an auctioneer capture component that's extremely reliable, but doesn't have to be particularly scalable. And notice that if you only do the domain design around this architecture, you may miss this important distinction that needs to be made, because you don't want to have one component have to handle these extremely different architecture characteristics, and the ability to handle those. So now that gives me a reasonably good (indistinct), I can now solidify this into something that's a little more formal. You'll notice, let me back up one, Mark and I, when we do this, always use sticky notes, and we have the virtual version of sticky notes here. But this is really to reinforce something that I've ranted about for a while. Something I refer to as irrational artifact attachment. I actually have a blog that I wrote years and years ago about irrational artifact attachment. And it's this observation that, there is a correlation between how much time it took you to produce some diagram or result, and how emotionally attached you are to that diagram or artifact. And so if it took you two days to build something, you're going to be less involved in it than if it took you two weeks to build it. If it took you two weeks to create this beautiful diagram, and somebody says, well, that's not wrong, that line should be over there. You're more likely to say no, no, no, it's not. It's perfect the way it is because it's too much trouble to change that line. And so one of the ways to avoid that is to stay as lo-fi as you possibly can for as long as you can. Sticky notes are great because nobody is emotionally invested in a sticky note. You can just (indistinct) it up and throw it away and build a new one. And so we tend to try to use lo-fi prototyping as much as possible in this very early iterative stage of the design. It's really important to be able to iterate on your design because I don't know of any architect who's good enough to just sit down and come up with a perfect relationship while doing all these things without doing some iteration on them. So once we've done that and got these things resolved, now we can actually start thinking about building these things as components. And so here's how those things map into components and what kinds of information streams are going to have to happen between those components. Now, what we're going to do is use this, to identify what kind of architectural style we want to implement this particular solution in. And I'm going to short circuit that entire hour and a half section of the architecture by example class, where we survey a bunch of them and look at suitability and go ahead and tell you that we ended up choosing a microservices architecture for this one. Part of the reason for that is, we need a distributed architecture because we have these two capture components that have very different characteristics. That means you need a distributed architecture and because of the scalability and the performance characteristics and the isolation we have in this architecture, microservices work out perfectly suitable as a way to implement this architecture. And so we're actually going to do two things here, implement the general topology in a microservice architecture, but then we're going to use this at critical places within this architecture, to make sure we can maintain good performance. So the thing that you get (indistinct), more or less with microservices is good scalability and elasticity, but you sometimes have to do some work to improve performance, because so much of the communication microservices is happening at the network level, not in process, that is expensive in terms of a performance. And so you often use a synchronous message to use and other performance enhancing tricks in an architecture like this, to be able to achieve high levels of performance. And so this is a good example of choosing an architecture like microservices, because you get scalability almost for free, but you need to go in and do some extra work to achieve your goals that you have within this architecture. You can have also architecture that gives you high performance for free, and then retrofit it to give you higher scalability. So there's several different ways to attack this particular problem. In this case, we chose to attack this problem by designing this as a microservice. And because we went through that component decomposition, each of those components within five more or less map into services. The other thing we have to do at this point in our design, is figure out where state lives in this architecture. If you're in a distributed architecture, not all of these services really need state or data-based. But some of them do. So here's exactly the time you start identifying where should data live, where should state live in this architecture. And that in fact may cause you to iterate on your design again. In fact, it almost always does, when you start considering, who should own data? How do you move data around? And so that typically calls you to iterate on your design. Very often at this stage, you end up bundling some services back together because you realize that by isolating the data too much, you're either going to have to do a distributed transaction, which you don't want to do, or some other really awful solution. Whereas bundling it back together in a single component, is the easy solution to that problem, particularly if it doesn't harm something like your, scalability or performance. And so, we decide where data is going to live in this architecture and now we need to decide how messages are going to be passed in this architecture. And all we really care about from an architecture standpoint, and all you really need to put on your diagrams, are synchronous versus asynchronous. And the convention that Mark and I use, is solid lines are synchronous communication and dotted lines are asynchronous communication. Now in the diagrams you create, you can put protocols in there, but be careful and don't obscure the architecture with too much design stuff. Because the architecture we're concerned here is synchronous versus asynchronous. How you implement that is really the design. How you design that capability, within the architecture. And so this is a good example of a kind of topology diagram that you might submit to us. Again, in whatever a drawing tool that you want. If you want to use something like C4, Simon Brown's diagramming technique, if you use the four plus one view model, you can use (indistinct), or you can use (indistinct) lines and boxes, which is what Mark and I tend to do. That's one part of your deliverable. But the problem with, and so this is one of the insights that Mark and I had as we, as I mentioned before, we adopted this Kata idea and started using Katas, as a way of doing hands-on exercises within the training classes we were doing. And at one point we thought, hey, it would be really clever if we started saving all these diagrams and build up this huge catalog of these kind of solutions. And so we started snapping pictures of all these solutions, but then we realized pretty quickly that that was not a really useful artifact. Because you could see how they had solved this particular architecture, but you didn't know why they made some of those decisions. And that's really critical in architecture and really important to document some of these things. So do not document them in something horrible, like word. I'm going to give you a better format. And plus we're using version control, so you can't use word and you shouldn't use word anyway. But the revelation that that Kata exercise gave us, actually led to what we codify as the second wall of software architecture in our books. And this is the book I've been talking about up to now. Why is more important than how? And we realized this that if, so we're experienced architects, and if you show me an existing architecture that I know nothing about, I can tell you exactly how that was implemented. But there are going to be some decisions in there, and I can't tell you why the architect made. There are probably four or five possible decisions here, and this architect made this decision. Why? It's very difficult to just look at those lines and boxes and figure out that why piece. And that is much more interesting to architects than how. Because how is just the detail. Why is the underlying reasoning behind that detail. So Mike Nygard, several years ago, many years ago actually, like a decade ago, started kind of reinvigorated the conversation in the architecture world around this idea of architecture decision records, or ADRs. For it works as opposed to this, on our technology radar, about something nice to a beneficial practice on projects. And this is Mike's quote, you probably are familiar with Mike. He is the author of "Release It," the second root edition, which just came out. Which is the considered the developers Bible, very perceptive of a software architect. And he said in this world of blog entry, we keep a collection of records for architecturally significant decisions. Those that affect the structure, nonfunctional characteristics, dependencies, interfaces, or construction techniques. In other words, the why, you might have done some of those things. And the general format for an ADR, it looks like this. It's typically a short text file. These things need to be versioned, 'cause we're using GitHub to store all these assets. And so it needs to be a short text file, one or two pages long per ADR, one file per decision, usually in some sort of rich market language. So markdown, textile, asciidoc is actually my favorite of these, but it can be any of those. You can also put whatever headings you want, but the standard sort of headings here are title, which describes the ADR, whether it's proposed, accepted, or superseded. Now, one of the things that you typically do with ADRs, is that once they've gotten old, you don't get rid of them, you just mark them as superseded. Because you may want to go back and re-figure out, why did we make this decision? And then replace that decision later with another one. Would you still want that old decision there? And so you want the status in there, proposed, accepted or superseded. Proposed is we're sitting us around and getting input. Accepted means we've accepted it. The context here are the forces are at play. Why are you making this decision right now? Is something pushing you to make this decision. What is the context? And also what kind of things did you think about around this decision? You're supposed to capture all of those things there. Then what your actual decision is. What is my response to this force? And then consequences. And man is this really important, consequences. Because these are the things that you've anticipated, because a lot of architectures decisions restrict future architecture decisions. So a lot of these decisions you make, you enter into a one-way road. And you sometimes want to put a signpost here that says, hey, I knew we were going down a one way road, and here's why I thought that was okay. The last thing you wanna do is look at some decision and go, man, what idiot made this decision a year ago? Oh, that was me, okay. I guess I was an idiot a year ago. So this is really important because you often, during your research for determining what's going to happen from this decision, you've thought through some of those potential consequences. Well, don't make your future self or somebody else rediscover those things. Go ahead and write them down so that when the time comes, you can look at that like, oh yeah, they made a decision and they realized this may happen, but it was a low probability, but it happened after all. And so now we've got some background on exactly where that decision came from. The justification why, goes in this decision part and the consequences. The trade-offs and the impact of that decision go there toward the bottom. This is what we're looking for, because if all we got from all these teams, are a bunch of lines and boxes drawings, it's gonna be impossible for us to make the best decisions as an architect. So for the really, really interesting decisions, excuse me, the really interesting decisions within your system, I want you to write, your team should write an ADR. And we want several of these per architectural solution, in fact, for all of the really juicy decisions. You really had to think about a lot to make, you should write up in your (indistinct). And so here's an example of that. So you end up document a lot of different things in your architecture decisions you've made about topology or your communication style. Or we ended up putting data here within this service instead of this other one for this reason. So a lot of these things are all worthy of documentation. And here's a good example. So for Going Going gone! Remember one of the things that we decided to do is have separate queues, for bid streamer and bid tracker services. When you look at this topology diagram, you might ask, why did they end up building separate queues for bid streamer and bid tracker? 'Cause it looks like I can probably use the same one, if I really wanted to. Why did they choose two? Here's why they chose two. Status here is accepted. The context, the bid capture services upon receiving a bid, must forward that bid to the bid streamer service, and the bidder tracker service. This can be done using a single topic pub/sub or separate cues for each service. So now we've laid out the context of the decision. Should we use a pub/sub or separate queues for each of these? The decision is, we will use separate queues for bid streamer and bidder tracker services. And notice that this is stated with certainty, which is important here. It's not thinking about using or we might use it, nope. We've decided we will use separate queues for bid streamer and bid tracker. Because multiple bids will come in from same ask amount. The streamer service only needs the first bid received for that amount, as the bid tracker needs all bids received. Oh, see, there it is. There's the thought process that you had to go through and realize what happens if you get two bids, for the same ask amount at the same time? The streamer and the bid tracker need to react to those things differently, and therefore they need different. And so it would be really hard to determine that, just by looking at that topology. But now reading this makes it perfectly clear, that the architect actually thought through the process of how bids are going to be streamed and tracked, and realized that you needed, these queues. The second observation here is the bid streamer service stores the bids for an item in an in-memory cache, whereas the bid tracker stores bids in a database, another important distinction here. So the bid tracker will therefore be slower and might require back pressure if it gets overwhelmed. Using a dedicated bidder tracker, the queue provides this dedicated back pressure point. So the classic example of the kinds of decisions you want to try to capture enough in one of these ADRs. And the consequences here, this decision will require bid capture services to send the information to multiple queues. That's something that you thought through and said, yeah, that's going to be a side effect of this decision. So we should document that to make sure that future architects realize that, yeah, we thought about that, and in fact, took that into account with our decision. Now, one of the things you can do in ADRs is, because these use markup or somebody mentioned (indistinct) mode, you can use any of these plain text formats that you want for this. But you can also because it's marked down and it calls all those things (indistinct) as HTML. You can also include embedded images in them if you want. Here's an example of an ADR that I wrote for a solution of trying to decide whether I should use a monolithic application or microkernel application, as a way of solving this particular problem. And I had diagrams for them. And so I just included links to the diagrams directly in the ADR. All that is a hyperlink of course, that means you have to check those JPEGs and do your version control, but that's fine. They're small and it doesn't hurt anything. And that gives you really really pretty rich documentation on par with something you would create in some thing like a terrible word processor. But (indistinct), et cetera. And if you're really ambitious, you can use, something like a diagrams as asciidoc, and then you get the lines and boxes, et cetera, but it's still completely plain text. But that's one of the advantages of using markup language like that, to be able to create your ADRs. So that's what we want out of your teams. And we will talk about the logistics for this in just a second. We want topology diagram or diagrams and, we want ADRs. More than one ADR about what your decisions are. Okay, so, outstanding. So, I introduced the other judges earlier, but I let you know that Mark, was actually busy working as a software architect. So he has now joined us. So we've met all the judges except Mark. So let's meet Mark. So, hello Mark. You probably recognize some of your work here. - [Mark] All right, fantastic, hello everyone. And sorry, I was a bit late. Like Neal said, I was actually working. (Mark laughs) But I just wanted to spend just a couple of minutes to introduce myself. I have known Mr. Neal Ford, for I think going on almost 15 years now. And so we have been collaborating... - [Neal] How's that possible? We're both only 28 years old. That doesn't seem (indistinct). (Mark laughs) - [Mark] But we have been doing Katas, well, I have certainly been doing Katas, or I think going on nine years now. And really enhanced the whole kind of process and such from its beginnings with Ted. But I am a software architect, hands-on. I have been the industry for 36 years as a matter of fact. 26 of those as a software architect and I've written numerous books and videos. Most of those on the O'Reilly platform, including what Neal probably mentioned when I came in late, It was our latest book on the "Fundamentals of Software Architecture." And other than that, I'm really looking forward to judging the Katas. I have judged numerous Katas in classes and trainings that I have done personally, and also with, in conjunction with Neal during presentations. And so, we have quite a bit of experience with this and I'm really looking forward to it, so thanks everyone. - [Neal] All right, thank you, Mark. So you've now met our judges. Those are going to be the ones that judge your submission. So let's talk some more details about the logistics and details, and then we'll dig into the actual problem you are going to be solving. You're not going to be solving, Going Going Gone! You're going to be solving a much more interesting real world problem. So this is one that, is actually from the real world. So let's talk about some of the logistics and details for this. So you're going to form a team of three to five people. Something is not written down here, but one of our hard requirements when we do this live, is each team needs to have an entertaining name. So not just team 12 or something, but some sort of, entertaining, contextualized name. That's your first job as a team, is come up with a clever name for your team. You can form a team of three or five people. We're going to talk about the problem domain here in just a second. The team submission closes midnight Eastern time, on the 22nd of October. So you have a couple of days to form your team. You go to this Google Form, and that allows you to sign up your team. Teams will be notified by midnight on 10/24, if they're selected or not. So not all teams are going to get selected because there's so many of you. There's so much enthusiasm for this. Our judges have day jobs. And so they can't just convert their life over to a full-time Kata judging, as much as I would like for them to, over the next couple of months. And so we are going to limit. There's a generous number of teams, but we'll let you know if your team has been selected or not. And they're completely randomly chosen, so there's nothing, no bribery or anything like that, it's going to get you into a team. And we're going to choose those at random. And then solutions from selected teams should be submitted by midnight Eastern time, on Monday, November 2nd. So interesting eve to be doing this in the United States, but that's a good time. I'm sure you won't be distracted by anything else happening past November 2nd in the US, after you've submitted your Kata solutions. Then starting up into, the judges will review, from 11/2 to 11/13, and pick semifinalists. We're going pick 10 semifinalists teams, who have done a really really good job. And we're going to announce those on the 11/17 event, and show a lot of their solutions. So even if you don't get on a team, you want to come back and see what people have done for this solution. It's gonna be very entertaining to see how, how many different ways people have solved this problem and the clever ideas they've come up with. So even if you're not on a team, it's going to be fascinating to see how people have attacked this real world problem. So at the 11/17 event, we're going to announce the semifinalists and then they are going to go off in between 11/17 and 12/3, they're going to polish up their solution and then put together a presentation, which we will then see on 12/3. That's going to be the big finale. The teams are going to come in and present their architecture solutions. And then based on their previous research and the presentations, the judges are going to go huddle in a virtual quarter for just a moment and announce the grand prize winners of the first online Katas contest. So that's what it's going to look like. So some reminders, to be considered for participation in the Katas, you got to complete the Google form by midnight Eastern time on Wednesday, 10/22. Katas are a team event. So make sure your team enters in the form of a team of three to five people. And no personal information, et cetera. Don't include your name or workplace, just for general privacy reasons, which everybody now knows about. So those are the general logistics. I will start, we're waiting on our subject matter expert, Kwaku, now. But he'll be joining us in just a minute and he'll describe the problem we're going to solve. He's our subject matter expert. So I'm not gonna try to describe it for him. I'm gonna let him describe it. And while we're waiting on him, I'm a little bit early. So I'll answer a few of the questions that have popped up and see if they haven't been answered yet. K V, as at what point do we review data confidentiality requirements? In that you, for example, data from specific location must be stored in a specific location like Switzerland? Great question K V. That's going to be one of the characteristics you have to think about, is data locality. Because that's not really part of your domain, because your domain just lets store some data, but that may be an object characteristic that you have to worry about. So that's definitely part of those architectural characteristics and a great question. Do we have a checklist of developers, of deliverables? Sorry, we don't have a checklist of developers either. For deliverables it's, one or more topology diagram and two or more ADRs. That's your checklist of deliverables. But, we're leaving it wide open because we want to see innovation here. J K, As a catalog of drawing components using all the diagrams available? Not really, we're encouraging you to do ad hoc diagrams here. We don't want them to all look the same. We're looking for your creativity here. When you build a repository of architecture decisions, when do you find the decision? How do you find the doc in the decision years later? What's a good organizational system for finding correct documentation at the correct time? That's a great question from M M. And that's really one of the trickiest things about ADRs. We have found is that writing them is actually easier than consuming them. Because people have a not-invented-here syndrome. So there's no single perfect place to put them. Within your organization, you will have to identify a good place for those to live. Traditionally they live in (indistinct), as close to the decision as they can. So that makes them instantly available to developers. That certainly makes sense for application scoped ADRs because it's tied to the application. It's much trickier when you have enterprise architecture level ADRs or integration architecture ADRs. And so those need to go into some sort of well-known document repository somewhere, whether it's Github or a chat or, sorry, a Wiki or something like that. But this is something contingent on each organization to figure out, if you're going to be effective with ADRs, where do you actually put them. Let's see, somebody asks me a question I thought I could answer here. Nope, I don't see another question here. Where should we store the ADR in a code repo? That's the only thing the judges are gonna look at, is the code repo. So that's where all that stuff should be stored. We're going to have 10 semifinalists. There was a question about how many semifinalists we have. Somebody is asking if you can have a team of two people. If you make up a third imaginary Harvey friend, then sure. We're not strictly, trying to control that. Well, this is a great question from P M. Will the domain expert be able to answer questions? Yes, he will. He will be available via email to answer questions. So you'll send emails to the email address at, right, it's right here. Problems or questions, email katas@oreilly.com And what's going to happen is an editor at O'reilly is going to consolidate all those questions and send them over to Kwaku, who is our subject matter expert, because again, he's got a day job too, and he doesn't want to spend his entire several weeks doing nothing but answering questions. So we're going to bundle those up, but you can ask questions about the domain if you want. And in fact, quite good news here, so we should let you, meet our client and let him describe the problem that you're going to be solving the Kata for. So, as I mentioned, you're not going to be solving, Going Going Gone! You're going to be solving a real world problem, that has all sorts of interesting implications. So, let me introduce to you our subject matter expert and the person we're building this for, Kwaku. - [Kwaku] Hello everyone. And thank you so much now, it's an honor to be here. I guess maybe before jumping straight into the problem, I'll provide just a bit of background on where, Farmacy Food, kind of came from. And, it started with, somewhat of a sad story, but as they say, all things that end well, it's all good when it happens that way. So, I had previously started a business called, Cooperative Capital, which is still around. And Cooperative Capital was an organization we created to enable residents to pull their money together in one big pot, as one collective unit. Invest those monies in several opportunities throughout their own community. We were essentially pressing the boundaries against, what has been a very historically restrictive securities regulation, and try to enable the typical person, on the eyes of regulators, non-accredited investors, to be able to make meaningful investments collectively within their backyard. In any event, we had just come across a major challenge with some state regulators in the state of Michigan. And we got past it, but it took a tremendous amount of time, attention and energy away from our main mission. It kind of hamstrung our ability to execute on what we meant to do. And we were working against a major deadline and we had some funding that was attached to some of those milestones that we're supposed to hit. So anyway, we got past this major challenge, but I was extremely sluggish, I was depressed. I knew I was depressed but I also knew that the major stressor was behind me. And I was sitting here at this desk, just kind of like trying to get back to being energetic and being all well, and found myself to still be very sluggish. So I was really just kind of, wanted to take some things off the table. And I knew that my diet wasn't optimal. So I was just sitting here kind of pondering to myself, if there was ever a place that would take my health information and use that to create optimal meals for me, I will give them whatever information they requested. I then shared that with a few friends and they were like, we would do the same thing. So early on the concept was, what if we could create a situation where there was a restaurant where folks could get health screen test from a hospital or their physician, provide that information to us. And then we would use that to create delicious meals that will support their health and overall wellbeing. And very fortunately, along the way, as we look to bring this idea to fruition, make a reality, we realized, we picked up quite a few great advisors and some great team members, that actually refined the concept that made it much more sophisticated. Very thankful for that. So, where we are now, is we've essentially created, what we're calling the community casual restaurant, that takes the whole, let that food be our medicine food literally. And we're taking full (indistinct) information, health information, if they're in a position to provide it, and using that to again, create delicious meals, to support health and wellbeing. At the end of February, due to COVID, we came up with a new distribution strategy. That's enabling us to actually institute (indistinct), and has allowed us to be very overhead light. Which I think is extremely important as you look at what COVID is doing to food and beverage and restaurant industry as a whole. And so at the center of our strategy is where we're essentially leveraging a central kitchen that we have, where we prepare our meals in bulk. And then we're distributing those meals across three different distribution networks. One of which is through smart fridges. And these are like more sophisticated vending machines. Maybe you've even seen these before. I won't bore you all the details, 'cause I think that some of that information is provided in the packs that are being forwarded to you through the Katas. But nonetheless, these are, you can imagine them, almost like a mini or micro whole foods that we're installing in apartment buildings, college campuses, hospitals, and within businesses. Outside of that, we are partnering with local community-based coffee shops. Where we're basically embedding ourselves, as I call it, you can think of it as almost like a micro-store, kiosk, embedded into a coffee shop, and be able to think about that is, in most places across the nation, coffee shops are recognized as food service establishments, so they are allowed to sell fast food (indistinct). And the beauty for us is that versus opening our own location, which would cost, would involve upfront investment, between 500,000 to a million dollars, upfront restaurant initial investment cost. This is going to cost between four to $10,000 (indistinct). And with our first coffee shop installation, that number came out to be about five grand. And the last thing we're doing is, we're doing meal subscription plans, where we'll deliver a minimum five meals (indistinct). And it is when a person comes into this meal subscription that we will then seek to make our meals in a way that is a bit more personalized to the specific health goals or challenges that person may be experiencing. So in any event, these are that overarching strategy, enabled to institute (indistinct) which is, for any low income resident, college student, educators, senior citizen, or (indistinct), we're able to provide them our healthy meals (indistinct). Everyone else pay eight to 12 bucks. And the beautiful thing is that based on our overarching strategy, it cost us an average of $4 and 25 cents, to produce packaging distributor amounts. So even at a discounted tier, we're still profitable. And we're really excited because our mission is to make (indistinct) affordable and accessible. And we believe that by making food that is delicious, healthy, nutritionally dense. And to be able to essentially open up locations. So with our model, we're able to open up a location per average, $7,000 comparison to the 500,000 to a million (indistinct). Meaning that we can open up many more locations than your typical restaurant. And that allows us to basically open up locations and more accessible areas. Food deserts, et cetera, et cetera. So now with that background, we jump into the problem that we have here. We, given all of these locations and given our setup, we've created a system that allows our customers to have a visibility into what items are available to purchase, where they are. And be able to pick up items at any one of our points of sales. And essentially, our customers are in, right now where we're focused in, in Detroit City. Sooner rather than later, we'll be expanding to other geographies. So we're looking for a system that, of course could be focused on where we are now, but can easily be expanded to essentially enable, dozens of automated fridges and representative kiosks to essentially handle thousands of customers regardless of where they may be in a geography (indistinct), this type information so that, essentially when a customer comes into our mobile application that we develop, they are able to find regardless of where they may be, where our food is. And essentially be able to find, which meals that are appropriate for them and essentially be able to get what they want, and they could be a (indistinct). Some of the requirements is this needs to integrate with our third party smart fridge, which is developed, and Neal, Am I providing too much information or? Okay - [Neal] No. The more the better. The more information you can give them, the better solutions you'll get so. We've got a few questions stacking up for you, but keep going, you're doing a great job. - [Kwaku] Okay, thank you. So, we need this to be able to integrate between, what we got going on with our smart fridges. I should mention that the smart fridge runs, basically has, its own, all encompassing which are all packaged and software dedicated within that smart fridge. So it's a different ecosystem than the point sale system that will be using, with our coffee shop partners. So we're looking to basically integrate, all that information together in such a way that we are able at any time to understand, what (indistinct) activity is across all of our nodes, if you would. To understand what inventory is looking like across our entire network. And let me see, I'm trying to think of what else may be extremely important. I know some of this will be provided to you guys in written form. So I'm trying to think of anything else that may be... - [Neal] Let me ask you a few questions that have come up and it may spark some more details that you can think of. So a couple of questions we've got here. What's the minimum age for the customer? Is it suitable for babies and children, or do you have a certain minimum age? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so yeah, at this moment, we're kind of focused on, call it 18 to 65 grown professionals up into folks that are dealing with specific health challenges, such as high blood pressure, diabetes, et cetera. But one of the pieces of feedback we've gotten, especially from, some women that we've had really good conversations with, is that what's extremely important to them is their household. And so we're not looking to make provisions for how we are able to bring this level of quality to children, but we're not, that's not only our explicit focus just yet. - [Neal] Okay, great. So somebody said they came in a little late. So where did that go? Is there a certain size community or city that you're targeting right now, or is this something you're starting now and the plan is to expand? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so, at this moment, we're in the city of Detroit. We just got our first two locations. And by the, our hope is that, before 2021, we will have eight locations here in Detroit and thereafter, right now our whole thing is about basically, showing our ability to open up a location, drive that to profitability, and then proving our ability to replicate that process a few times within this geography, before looking to expand. We have pretty aggressive plans, but from Detroit, we'll look to expand across Michigan, Ohio, and Illinois. And we kind of see ourselves, we eventually see ourselves going nationwide. But we see ourselves doing that, in almost like, radiating consensual circles, if you would, emanating from the Midwest out to the coast. Whereas with most of these types of concepts, typically you see folks either on the East coast or the West coast and then expanding, however which way they do. - [Neal] Good, there are a bunch of questions here about the details of the smart fridges. So let me ask you a bunch of them. Do the smart fridges have an API that lets you know what the contents in the fridge are? Do the smart fridges know what the items inside them are? What kind of interfaces do the smart fridges provide? Do fridges need manual updates on meals available or do they auto detect per location? A little more about the interaction with the smart fridges (indistinct). - [Kwaku] Yeah, great question. And some of that stuff, I'll have to refer to some of the, spec materials and I can't even provide that now onto you. But ultimately, let me see if this is for all. Some of this information you guys may be able to be found. If I am, see here, give me one second. I'm trying to post the link here and, - [Neal] Yeah, perfect. - [Kwaku] I'm afraid that I'm posting it in the wrong chat box. (Kwaku chuckles) Let me try to share really quickly and perhaps if someone could... Okay, awesome. Thank you, Shannon. Appreciate that. So what will be posted to you all here shortly is a link to the company that manufactured these smart fridges, and Neal, if it's okay, I'll just take those questions and essentially provide answers through that. So that that can be given to folks prior to, I guess, them having to jump into the solution. So I can get that to you guys later today. - [Neal] Perfect. So another question, do you plan to support vegan or vegetarian only options as well? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so, one of the things that we know is important is that, we realize we have to meet people where they are before we can even hope to bring them to where we want them to go. So what we say is that a lot of our meals are very platform, but we do include high quality proteins and such, and animal products. However, to the person that asked that question, we do have a subset of meals that are specifically, vegetarian, vegan and other meals that are specific to a specific diets and such. What we understood is outside of the rigid, dietary, outside of diets, outside of a specific dietary constraints, the number one thing we've found is that, when you look at the number of diets that exist, what actually typically leads to health is a person having very nutritionally dense ingredients, incorporated in meals and the diversity of ingredients that they can go and buy home. So we're really focused, a lot of that has to do with education. And we're really focused on trying to just bring the best of knowledge to the forefront and helping folks understand what's extremely important. Outside of creating meals that are specific to some of the folks that are dietary constraints, we're incorporating certain ingredients that you wouldn't commonly see with males. So certain herbs, spices, and even weeds that are very nutritionally dense, and we're just incorporating them in our meals in such a way they come out in a very delicious fashion. - [Neal] Excellent, so another question here. Are there any regulatory requirements as we accounted for like HIPAA? That's the privacy, health insurance privacy stuff here in the US. - [Kwaku] Yeah, that's a great question. At the moment we are going so far as, at this point, to have a need for HIPAA compliance just yet, but we aren't too far off at the moment. So right now we get around that by, we are not making any claims on any, we aren't making any health claims. And aside of that, we're kind of more focused at the moment on dietary needs. We are approaching the health, when we get to the health perspective where we have general health information, is when the HIPAA piece will become a lot more important. But we aren't there just yet, although we're working towards it. So I guess for the purposes of this, if you're able to incorporate that into your solution, that would be ideal, but it isn't absolutely necessary just yet. - [Neal] All right, outstanding. Another question here, is there any, so are you dealing with any kind of health records at all in the solution right now? - [Kwaku] Not at this moment just yet. Yeah, thank you for that. A lot of the health related things we're first testing out internally within our team, before we roll it out to the general public. - [Neal] So another question, is there any, I'm sorry, is there any interface to this system with something like your back office systems, like accounting systems or anything like that? Or is this a completely stand-alone system? - [Kwaku] Yeah, great question. So, yeah, there is some integration where we're currently using QuickBooks and everything we have at the moment. So I guess in most of our software packages at the moment is we have inventory procurement, recipe and nutritional analysis tool that we use called chef tech. Which is, let me just type that here. So this can be shared. But we're using, chef tech, QuickBooks, and then we've built our own kind of mobile application, that will be the interface that a lot of our users will connect with us through. And at the moment we're looking at how we can even be a bit more low tech. So now we're trying to see how we can create an SMS version of that, so that, especially those folks that aren't as tech savvy, we don't want to create a barrier with technology. So we want to use technology for all the great things that it can enable, but we don't want that to be a barrier for some of the people that we're looking to serve. - [Neal] Okay, so can you, for the purchase of the meals, can you purchase meals through an app or the kiosk, or is there also a website interface to purchase meals? - [Kwaku] We have both at the moment, yeah. - [Neal] Okay. And let's see, have any technical decisions already been made like, is there any constraints, technical constraints already in place or is it wide open blue sky? - [Kwaku] Yeah, at the moment, so, we have made some decisions, but are all minor and we're very flexible, kind of standard, and sort of fashion and at this earlier stage, we're completely open to anything that's better. So, for the intensive purposes of this, consider a blue sky, and give us what you got. - [Neal] Perfect. What's the average lifespan of the product? - [Kwaku] Oh, great question, yeah. So, our meals, we create them in a way that they last, have a shelf life about a week. However, we replace them every three days, just for nutritional, excuse me. So that it's optimal from a nutrition standpoint Many of you may know, so most of our ingredients are sourced locally, and as soon as a crop produce, a fruit is plucked from the ground, it starts nutritionally degrade. And so our thing is we're trying to provide, the most nutritionally dense meals. And so, yeah, we replace our meals every three days, although they do have a shelf life of a week. - [Neal] Okay, great. Several other people have been asking for a document that covers all these details. We're going to provide that document after the fact, we have that, and that's going to be, so you can download those. This is going to be the most complete, the recording of this, so this has been recorded. So this will be the most complete, if you want it, but we will have a document that describes this, and so don't panic, if you're not, if you can't follow this exactly. This is a great question. Is there a follow-up mechanism with the patient or user, to see if the new diet has changed their health results? - [Kwaku] Oh yeah, great question. So what we're intending to do, and again, we're doing this internally for the moment. But our intention is to take a fraction of our customers, and we will go as far as for them to, we'll pay for a fraction of them to get a monthly test on, so that we could intend to show a data, we'll do this for our power users eligible, but, if we, we've had conversations with, in certain health insurance, and these are very early preliminary discussions, but if over a three to six month period, we can show a data and we can actually prove nutritional proficiency or advocacy, excuse me, then there is a window open where we may be even able to even get healthcare insurers to subsidize the cost of our customers actually becoming customers of Farmacy Food. So we're excited about that. But that is something that is on the horizon. - [Neal] Okay, here's a technical question. How does one authenticate the user to access the fridge? Is this like an app or something that when you approach the fridge and you've made an order? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so at the moment, the way a person gets access to the fridge is by swiping the credit or debit card, on back end, we will, so yeah. By swiping your card, you get access to the fridge on the backend. If the person is using the same card, or if they've uploaded all of their debit cards, that they may use into our application, we'll be able to kind of align things to that specific user. But that's another thing, another consideration that we're trying to get smart about how we solve for making sure that we're basically aligning each potential customer, at least in (indistinct), to a person that might already be in our network. I think we've come up with some idea of how we'll do it, but we're open to any suggestions or guidance or anything that somebody may come up with along those lines. - [Neal] Perfect. Well, I hope we have some innovation coming your way and that's part of the goal of this thing. So another question, do you need to integrate with any third parties, like delivery services, or are there any integration points that you anticipate needing for the solution? - [Kwaku] Yes, so, other than ones that will be defined in what, we will be sending to you, at the moment it's primarily just through the smart fridge network, point of sale system that we're using, or as you mentioned that that point of sale system is toast. Let me get the link to that, one second. But as far as delivery services and such at this moment, no. - [Neal] Okay. - One second here. Yeah, I think we outlined all that information in what will be sent to everyone that's working on this. - [Neal] Okay, there's a question here. What is the setup for delivering meals? Are consumers able to order a specific meal to pick up at a location or just browse existing inventory of what's there? - [Kwaku] Yeah, that's a great question. So on the, from on the onset is going to be more the latter, but we'd love to get to a point where we can do, where a person can order specific meals or even personalized modified meals, pick it up from certain location. So that's something we're working towards, but in the immediate future, it's gonna be more so them being able to browse, meals that are available at a specific location, and necessary personalization like that. - [Neal] Okay, let's see. A couple of questions about how the supplies are replenished. What's the logistics around that? Do the coffee shop personnel do that, or do you travel to the store or certain delivery services? - Yeah, so we will be replenishing the smart fridges as well as the coffee shops and such. And that's why, the need for having, this system that's able to communicate all the needs of all their (indistinct) et cetera, is so important to us. - [Neal] Are you thinking about any kind of integration, with like smart watches or health trackers or anything like that, as a way of creating this kind of feedback loop? - [Kwaku] Absolutely, absolutely. But that is something that we're kind of thinking is a bit down the line from where we're at. - Yeah, that's, you'd like to get the minimum viable product up and running before you start adding (indistinct). (Neal laughs) - [Kwaku] What we know is that there's a tremendous amount of people that want to eat healthier. And that's what already we've been on and it's just, surely difficult to understand what is healthy (indistinct). And we also know that there's a lot of people that are suffering, especially, in the context of COVID. Unfortunately, a lot of people with pre-existing conditions have been especially affected with COVID. So what we're really trying to do is bring some of the best of what's known as far as food is medicine. We're working together with our team of chefs, nutritionist, and registered dieticians to just kind of bring the best that's known to the forefront at the moment. And there's a lot of desire for that. So starting there call it that our (indistinct) and making sure that we can do that in a way that is sustainable. And we can continue to hit those price points as we enter in this community. And then we'll look to tie, some of these other interesting, I use cases such as smart watches and such. There's a lot, I mean, what we're excited about is there's a lot of possibilities here. And it's the earlier days of it, but we're well on our way. And we're excited because we're sure that what you all will provide us, is gonna create a beautiful roadmap and even potentially a great solution, for how we're going to be able to press forward, and really accelerate where we need to do from a technology perspective, to be able to get to some of those other interesting use cases a lot sooner (indistinct). - [Neal] Yeah, that's certainly what we're hoping for. So given that this is very early days, can you give us some general metrics that you're aspiring toward? Like the number of producers, the number of consumers, the number of meals served per day and some target numbers that they can think about, the scale of the solution they're creating. - [Kwaku] Yeah, yeah, great question. So where at the moment we're looking at, we would like to be in a position here in the next, call it by December. And I can also send this to you guys, if this would be helpful. But we're now looking at about 400 units a week, 400 meals a week. We'd love to be at a point where we're, between 1500 to 2,000 meals a week, by December, going into 2021. Again, we'll be in six to eight locations, before the end of the year. We're hoping to have a customer base in early 2021 of about a thousand dedicated customers. We have some assumptions on what actual, a person's behavior or someone's behavior may be. But we believe that, out of a thousand customer base, there will be about 10% of folks that will become those subscription customers. We believe that the average middle subscription customer will buy 10 meals a week, which would be about, two meals for every day of the week, weekdays, excuse me. And what other metrics are we aiming for, at the top of my head? I think that those are the major ones. - [Neal] That's a good list. So another question, a very specific one. Do you want, push messages to customers for health education or other marketing stuff? Do you want that as part of the application? - [Kwaku] Absolutely. - So does the solution interface with suppliers at all, or is that completely off the backend? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so through, we are currently interfacing with our suppliers through a chef tech at the moment. And that is the backend is removed from it, yeah. - Okay, do you consider non-subscription customers too? So can you just walk in and buy something or do you have to have a...? - [Kwaku] Absolutely, absolutely. - So yeah, person within a coffee shop or through the smart fridge, the person will be able to buy meals without necessarily being a user or having downloaded an application or anything of that sort. - [Neal] There's a couple of interesting questions. Can more than one smart fridge be linked together? Think about that. - [Kwaku] Yeah, I have not thought about that. I'm almost... (Kwaku and Neal laugh) - [Neal] It's good that we talk about, but you know. - [Kwaku] I'm curious for the person that asked that question, what they feel might be the benefits of doing that? Or what will it be... - [Neal] Or maybe it's just a general question of imagining what they might say to each other. But here's an interesting question and you have to, this may be something you have to defer to. Is there anything like different regions in the fridge for different temperatures zones? So for example, do the meats go to the very bottom and the less perishable stuff go on the top, and that kind of stuff, organized that way? - [Kwaku] Yeah, that's a great question. So the fridge operates on a standard temperature. So it'll all be cold in it, the fridge is the same temperature through out. And so we were able to set controls over what the temperature is. And that is another thing that's actually somewhat set by state regulators. So here in Michigan, where we're starting, we have the Michigan what's called (indistinct), that sets the standard for what that looks like. So, to answer the question, I guess, it doesn't really, it wouldn't be no need for a specific preclusion to address different, everything's gonna be set at the same temperature. - [Neal] So what different mediums of communication or correspondence do you use with your users? So email, text messages, what's the list of ways you expect to interact with your consumers? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so at the moment it's been through email and through our tech application. We're hoping again to come up with, a more simpler SMS type of solution for those folks that aren't as tech savvy. And, we're also, there is another thing we're looking at that is escaping me at the moment, but yeah. It's primarily through emails, texts in our application. - [Neal] Well, I've got a clarification on the linking fridges thing, to allow for more stock. So that was the motivation for the linking fridges question. - [Kwaku] Okay, okay, okay, got it. - Another question here, what is your current, payment processing solution? Are you satisfied with that or is that in scope here? Or you're currently happy with what you've got? - [Kwaku] Yeah, we're happy with what we have for the moment. - Okay, great. That's not in scope that simplifies things, nice. Someone is asking if the fridges has a set of APIs. We're gonna publish the documentation for the brand of fridge you're using, so that'll describe the APIs. Would you allow customers to reserve meals for pickup within a certain time range? Like between 10 or 11:00 PM or something? Is that part of, or you're not that specific? - [Kwaku] Yeah, so, our hope is, in the very near future we'll allow customers, 'cause yeah, we'll have certain meal subscription customers that maybe we'll provide them the option. 'Cause when we deliver there's a small delivery fee that's attached to that delivery. They could circumvent that by picking up from a coffee shop or from a smart fridge. So what we will do in the future is we'll potentially have a couple of shelf space within the context of smart fridge dedicated to users that want to pick up their respectful meals. We're thinking through the specifics of that, 'cause there's some, edge cases that, if a person comes up and accidentally picks up the wrong meal or picks up someone else's meal. So we're still thinking through what that would look like and what those edge cases are and how we could potentially address them up front. - [Neal] Well, that brings up an interesting question that just came up in the Q and A as well. What about somebody by proxy picking up a meal for somebody? Is there a facility for picking up on behalf of somebody? That the (indistinct)? - I haven't actually thought about that. I don't think we thought about it as a team. So that's a great question and, yeah, we need to think about that a bit more, but on the surface, I don't see why we wouldn't be able to figure that out potentially. So, yeah, but it's something we need to think about. Almost attaching the potential of having user associations, user groupings even, to enable something like that. So that's more of a seamless process. But something we'd have to think about. Thank you for that question. - [Neal] Yeah, we're getting a lot of perceptive questions here, as people are thinking through this problem, as you're describing it. Have you got plans for a fidelity or a loyalty program? - Yes, absolutely. And so, yes we do. There is something that we haven't talked about, which is, one of the things that we are attempting to do, or one of the, I guess, central use cases of our application at the moment is to get feedback. 'Cause one of the things that we know is extremely important is making sure that this food is delicious and while, we, I can taste it and know for ourselves it's delicious, our perception is different from some of our customers. And so one of the things that, is embedded in our app is we're trying to get smart about how we create, some type of incentive for feedback. And the amount of feedback a person gives without allowing that to, there's a kind of user psychology that goes into that. So we're trying to do that in a way that is objective and doesn't necessarily tilt a person towards giving more favorable feedback or giving worse feedback, because there's an incentive tied to it. But ultimately, yeah, there is, there's some other things that we're thinking about as far as, if a person buys, so many meals in a certain duration, we'll give them a discount. One of the things that we've done as an incentive for folks to download our app is, once they download our application and fill out their initial profile, we'll give them their first meal free, so they can try out the meal. For a subset of our customers, we've actually had invited them to a pop up dinner, where we'll give them, this is an hour and a half, a five course dinner where they get to try out, quite a variety of our meals. And the beauty of that is it gives us an opportunity to really give our prospective customers. We get a good 90 minutes to really share with them the much bigger picture, our vision for what we're attempting to do, because ultimately the true intention of Farmacy Food, is to go on a holistic health journey with the customers. We're just starting with food. I think maybe one thing I haven't mentioned, and this is maybe, it'll be on the scope of what this is specifically or what this problem is. About a year ago, I started talking to a number of gym owners, yoga studios, massage therapists, life coaches, et cetera. And I got them open to the idea of offering our future customers an initial size of our discount and also referral fee. Back then, that (indistinct) were gonna make a lot more money from those referral fees, than from sold food. I'll fast forward now, that opportunity still exists, but now under our new kind of overhead light strategy, we've now come up with a way to make our food operation quite lucrative. And so while we're starting with food, at the same time, we're trying to build an ecosystem of all the other preventative interventions that exist that have a person take advantage of assist support them, to become, their healthiest self, if you will. So that's a bit beyond scope of this but, I offer that to kind of just share the holistic nature of how we're looking at trying to help someone get from point A where they are today to point B ultimately, where they want to go. - [Neal] Okay, great. So, one of the questions here is that, we assume that you have budget constraints, that you don't have an unlimited budget. So given that you are essentially a startup, you do not have unlimited budget. - [Kwaku] That's a great assumption. (Neal laughs) - So don't go crazy. You don't need to build the most sophisticated thing in the world here. 'Cause budget constraints are a real thing here. One of the questions is, does Farmacy Foods have a website? You do, in fact, so we'll publish a link to that website. Let's see, somebody asked, can we have the one minute, sort of lifts sales pitch? That kind of core case. So when you're talking to the one minute elevator pitch, people just sort of the capsulated view of what the mission of the company is. - [Kwaku] Yeah sure, so, Farmacy Food is a healthy food startup that tastes (indistinct) literally. Will take folks dietary information, health information, if they're in a position to provide it, and use that to create really delicious meals, to support folks health and their wellbeing. Our mission is to make health and wellness, radically affordable and accessible. And so, maybe as a kind of set up to tell in there, while we're starting with food and nutrition and kind of bringing the best, what's known to the forefront and making it very convenient for folks to be able to access healthy food. We're also building this ecosystem of preventative health interventions that exist, that if a person took advantage of to support them and there'll still be people that have unfortunate incidents, that lead to major injuries. They'll still be people that have certain unavoidable, health concerns that will come to them within life, but what we're excited about is as we execute, I guess, in our mission, we're gonna be helping a tremendous amount of people not have to rely on a great program and system. - [Neal] Great. - And so, it's food is medicine for being brought to the forefront, as well as, trying to create, a holistic view of what would support someone on their journey to become their healthiest self. - [Neal] That's awesome, it sounds like you may have made that pitch once or twice before. - [Kwaku] Oh yes. (Neal and Kwaku laugh) - So one of the questions here, this is an interesting question. Should the application support altruism? So in other words, can somebody, a group for example, donate a chunk of money toward paying for a group of people, either named or unnamed group? I may pick a neighborhood in Detroit and say, I just wanna feed everybody in the neighborhood altruistically. - [Kwaku] Yeah, that is great. And that's something we've talked a lot about, due to COVID we shifted some of what we were doing. And you'll see this on a website at the moment, in the next few weeks, in the next two weeks, excuse me, our website will kind of really get back to our more expansive website, but for the moment, due to COVID, we started, we shifted to basically just, creating free meals for our frontline workers, low-income folks and folks that work here in Detroit. And in fact there was an article, and again, I'll post this article here. We got donated a tremendous amount of food, a couple of months back and used that to prepare. We got donated a hundred thousand pounds of chicken for instance, and a lot of different produce and such, to support us, being able to feed healthcare workers, senior citizens and those who work and we partnered with a number of nonprofit organizations. I'm just gonna post this link here, within the team chat with hope that Shannon, will put it in the show chat. - [Neal] So we had a couple of questions about, do you have any competitors? - Sorry, I didn't answer the question, (indistinct). - Well, what we would love is a possibility where folks could maybe identify target groups that they want to support. And then we would, based on the information we collected and the user profiles, we have be able to basically provide, a push notification to say, hey, you've gotten a free meal by, not necessarily naming someone right now. So the answer is yes. - [Neal] So, there are a couple of people who have asked, do you really have any competitors in this area, in this space? - Yeah, it's interesting. So, the answer is yes to a degree. And when you think about, so technically, any food and beverage base or restaurant based businesses, competitor more direct though, more directly speaking, you could think of competitors being here in Detroit. They would include places like, Chops, Seven Greens, Freshy but more on a national basis, you guys may be familiar with Sweet Green and they aren't necessarily a focus on food as medicine per se. They are definitely, they've definitely created an inroad for folks being more focused on healthy food in general, and more, I guess, kind of what we'd call platform based meals, so salads and whites. But yeah, we think that, we're taking, what already exists and we're just kind of innovating on it. So, that would be my answer to that. I wouldn't say there aren't any specific competitors that's doing exactly what we're doing, but there, there are some that aren't too far off in the eyes of consumers for the moment. I think that, they'll kind of look at us on par with some of these others until we get a little further along the way are able to do some of the more interesting things such as collecting health information from folks that we're giving them food, that's more personalized to their specific needs and such. - Okay, great, well, just time for a couple more. We appreciate your indulging, this barrage of questions that we're giving you. - [Kwaku] Oh no, absolutely. - Somebody is asking about a cloud agnostic architecture. Are you interested in having this thing hosted on a cloud or would you rather be on prem or do you have any strong preferences one way or the other about that, or you really want something in the cloud? You really don't want something in the cloud or you don't really carry the way as long as it's a good solution. - Yeah, often I would say it's probably preferable that it's a cloud-based, any solution is cloud-based. - Okay, great, that's a great clarification. Let's see, interesting question. Would you allow for competition such that competitors would have access to put their food in your smart fridge if you had capacity? - Yeah, that is something we're thinking about down the line. So for the moment, due to the need for quality control and us believing that it is through, our commitment to true health and quality, we'll be, creating, preparing the meals that are distributed through our different outlets, but down the line, we could see a future in which, we potentially become more of a platform, where healthy foods, generally speaking, and we're even getting creative about maybe a hybrid of that, where perhaps we enable chefs to, within certain parameters, create recipes that we may be able to utilize. Such that there is a variety of different cuisine because we know that's important as well. And then some of that is already built in. So in our initial menu, we have African, Caribbean, Italian and Asian and even Mexican inspired cuisine. But we know that over time will increasingly need to get expansive, to be able to bring more people, to the fold to make sure that there's something there. As well as most subscription as may not be as pressing anyone here, people want variety. They want there'll be specific cause that they really love that they would like to have repeated absolutely weekly or bi-weekly basis, but we're also going to want to try new things. - So here's a good question. Do you want your integration for identity service providers for sign in like Facebook login or Gmail, some sites now maintaining your own email, your own login, you can just use those authentic through Facebook. So you would like that? - [Kwaku] Absolutely, absolutely. - Okay, so we're just about out of time today. So Kwaku if you want to give a one last pitch or want to say to one last thing to our proof of work checks, this would be a good time to do that. We appreciate you, answering all these questions for us. It's been great in terms of clarification. So just to let everybody know we got a writeup of the general problem statement here, although nowhere near a detail, as he's been answering our questions for us. But, we will have that available along with all the logistics and all the other things. We're gonna post a few links to the details of the smart fridge, et cetera, so that you'll have some technical details about that. So any last things you want to say to our group before we go? - I'll just say that I'm extremely appreciative and grateful for this opportunity. Neal said that you guys are coming to the smartest in the world coming together to do this. So I'm really excited for what you guys for (indistinct), and I hope that this is something that you all can have fun with and that we'll have fun with it too, as we (indistinct), some of these things that we actually try to execute on it. We're excited, this whole process has been music to my ears, (indistinct) a lot of the things that you guys produce, we may not be able to incorporate every single thing you guys come up with, but we are going to try our best to enact a lot of what you guys come up with. So very very thankful, very grateful. And if other questions come about, we'll try to be as attentive to that, as you guys think the solutions, in our, it will be most pointed to what will actually be our reality and what we do now in the future. - [Neal] Great, all right. So like Kwaku said, there's the email address on the screen, katas@oreilly.com We're gonna gather those up and send them to him, so that he doesn't get deluged and this doesn't become his main hobby for the next several weeks. But, and we'll post some more detailed specifications, recording of this will be available as well, if you want to dig into some of the details here. And I think we will wrap up today. We're almost at time. So go to the Katas page. Thank you, Kwaku, and all of our judges for coming and joining us today. Now what I want you folks to do, don't let me down. So now's your turn to go out here. And this is my closing advice. Go forth and do some architecture! So the problem has been laid at your feet now. So go create a Kata team, come up with a clever name and start thinking through this problem. This is one of the rare chances, where you get to build a brand new architecture, and it's going to genuinely help people in the real world. So that's a good example of using your lever to make the world a better place, so go forth and do so. And myself and the other judges are on thin needles waiting to find out what you fabulous folks, have managed to create for us. So I will turn it back over to say, goodbye, everybody.